PARQUET-2489: Guidance on Parquet-Java releases (#61)
apache/parquet-site: content/en/docs/Contribution Guidelines/modules.md

The [parquet-format](https://github.com/apache/parquet-format) project contains format specifications and Thrift definitions of metadata required to properly read Parquet files.

> The [parquet-java](https://github.com/apache/parquet-java) project contains multiple sub-modules, which implement the core components of reading and writing a nested, column-oriented data stream, map this core onto the parquet format, and provide Hadoop Input/Output Formats, Pig loaders, and other Java-based utilities for interacting with Parquet.

Reviewer: Here is a suggestion to clean up the language to more closely mirror the structure of the cpp :

```suggestion
The [parquet-java](https://github.com/apache/parquet-java) project is a Java library to read and write Parquet files. It consists of multiple sub-modules, which implement the core components of reading and writing a nested, column-oriented data stream, to and from the Parquet format, along with Hadoop Input/Output Formats, Pig loaders, and other Java-based utilities for interacting with Parquet.
```
